AGREEMENT FOR SALE
THIS AGREEMENT FOR SALE IS MADE AND EXECUTED AT PUNE ON THIS 07TH   DAY OF NOVEMBER IN THE YEAR 2020, 
BETWEEN
1. JOHANN SANFRANCISCO
AGE:  50 YEARS, OCCUPATION: SERVICE, 
MOBILE NO. :………………….  , PAN: AAWPJ2865L, AADHAR NO. : 2679 9685 6370
2. SUSMITA SANFRANCISCO
AGE:  41 YEARS, OCCUPATION: SERVICE,
MOBILE NO. : ……………… , PAN: BBEPS1111A, AADHAR NO. : 9328 9692 8343
BOTH RESIDING AT: 3/364, 2ND STREET, VENKATESWARA NAGAR, KOTTIVAKKAM, THIRUVANMIYUR, CHENNAI, TAMIL NADU- 600041
Hereinafter referred to as the said “VENDORS/ TRANSFERORS” (which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof shall mean and include his heirs, executors, administrators and assigns etc.)
…….THE PARTY OF THE ONE PART   
AND
1. CHAITANYA RAJENDRA KHIRE
AGE: 29 YEARS, OCCUPATION: SERVICE, MOBILE NO. :……….
PAN: CIMPK3860N, AADHAR NO. : 4183 8815 4160
2. PRAJAKTA VILAS CHAURAGADE (WIFE OF CHAITANYA RAJENDRA KHIRE)
AGE:  27 YEARS, OCCUPATION: HOUSEWIFE, MOBILE NO. :……………….. 
PAN: AUAPC9691D, AADHAR NO. : 9658 1973 2803
BOTH RESIDING AT: HOUSE NO. 11, DURGA VIHAR COLONY, AMARAVATI, H.V.P.M., AMARAVATI, MAHARASHTRA - 444605.
Hereinafter jointly and together referred to as the “PURCHASERS/ TRANSFEREES” (which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof shall mean and include their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns etc.)                                                          
……THE PARTY OF THE OTHER PART
WHEREAS, Johann Sanfrancisco and Susmita Sanfrancisco i.e. the Vendors herein is well-seized and possessed of all that piece and parcel of the premises bearing Residential Flat No. 603 on the Sixth Floor, of an area admeasuring about 71.04 Sq. Mtrs. carpet area and attached terrace admeasuring about 7.87 Sq. Mtrs.  in the Wing “C”, along with open car parking space No. 123 admeasuring about  10.216 Sq. Mtrs. in the project known as “Eternal Exotica”, in the Society known as “Eternal Exotica Co-Operative Housing  Society  Ltd”, along with all the rights and the benefits attached thereto, constructed on all that piece and parcel of the landed property bearing Survey No. 26, Hissa No. 3A and 3B lying and being situated at village Undri Taluka Haveli, District Pune, which is within the limits of Pune Municipal Corporation, situated within the limits of the Sub Registrar Haveli, the registration District of Pune (Hereinafter referred to as the "SAID FLAT”).  The said Flat is subject matter of this agreement and the same is more particularly described in the Schedule – II given hereunder.  
AND WHEREAS all that piece and parcel of land bearing Survey No. 26 Hissa No. 3A totally admeasuring about 00 H 54 R i.e. 5400 Sq. Mtrs. and Survey No. 26 Hissa No. 3B admeasuring about 00 H 26.5 R i.e. 2650 Sq. Mtrs. lying and being situated at village Undri Taluka Haveli, District Pune, which is previously within the limits of Grampanchayat Undri, Taluka Panchayat Samiti Haveli, Jilha Parishad Pune and presently within the limits of Pune Municipal Corporation, situated within the limits of the Sub Registrar Haveli, the registration Districts of Punewhich property is more particularly described in Schedule - I, written hereunder, is developed by Pranjal Constructions Pvt. Ltd. under the provisions of Maharashtra Ownership Flats ACT 1963 (Hereinafter referred to as the "SAID PROMOTER”).
AND WHEREAS thus the Promoter is entitled to develop the above mentioned lands. The Promoter has decided to carry out the development and construction on the above mentioned lands over a span of period of FIVE years from the date of obtaining all the sanctions/ permission for construction on the said property  under the name and style  known as “Eternal Exotica” ( hereinafter referred to as the “ said Building Project” for the sake of convenience).
AND WHEREAS the layout and building plans in respect of the proposed construction to be carried out on the said property have been duly approved by the Collector, Pune and permission for use of non agricultural use of the said property is granted by the Collector, Pune vide order No. PMH/NA/SR/320/08 on dated 18/05/2009. The Collector has sanctioned the revised building plans vide Order bearing No. PMH/NA/SR/1106/2011 on dated 27/03/2012 and Order bearing No. PMH/NA/SR/511/2014 on dated 30/09/2014.  The layout plan of the lands bearing Survey No. 26 Hissa No. 3A and 3B of Village Undri has been sanctioned by the Collector, Pune.
AND WHEREAS the Promoter has executed Transfer deed dated 30/01/2013 in respect of land admeasuring 384.95 Sq. Mtrs. for Road and land admeasuring 1169.Sq. Mtrs. for Amenity space totally admeasuring 1554.05 Sq. Mtrs. out of land bearing Survey No. 26, Hissa 3B in favour of the Collector, Pune through Tehsildar Mr. Ranjit Bhosale. The Transfer Deed dated 30/01/2013 is registered in the Office of Sub Registrar, Haveli No. 1 at Serial No. 962 on dated 01/02/2013. The same has been mutated in the name of Government of Maharashtra, Revenue Department in Revenue records as By M. E. 9844.
AND WHEREAS the Promoter has appointed Mr. Deepak Honkan as Architect registered with the Council of Architects and also appointed Structural Engineer Mr. G. A. Bhilare for the preparation of the structural design and drawings of the building/s and the Promoter has accepted the professional supervision of the Architect and the Structural Engineer till the completion of the building/s. The Promoter has reserved the rights to change the Architect and the Structural Engineer as and when required during the construction or before the completion of the building/s.
AND WHEREAS the Promoter i.e. Pranjal Constructions Pvt. Ltd. alone has the sole and exclusive right to the develop the said subject land by constructing various residential and commercial units over the said land and to sale the tenements, flats/ units, Garages and the sole and exclusive right to allot Parking places, Terrace places and get registered the appropriate documents, such as Agreements for Sale, Sale Deeds, etc in favor of the intending Unit Purchasers/s.
AND WHEREAS the Promoter i.e. Pranjal Constructions Pvt. Ltd. agreed to sell to Johann Sanfrancisco And Susmita Sanfrancisco i.e. the Vendors herein all that piece and parcel of the premises bearing residential Flat No. 603 on the Sixth Floor, of an area admeasuring about 71.04 Sq. Mtrs. carpet area and attached terrace admeasuring about 7.87 Sq. Mtrs.  in the Wing “C”, along with open car parking space No. 123 admeasuring about  10.216 Sq. Mtrs. in the project known as “Eternal Exotica”, in the Society known as “Eternal Exotica Co-Operative Housing  Society  Ltd”, along with all the rights and the benefits attached thereto, constructed on all that piece and parcel of the landed property bearing Survey No. 26, Hissa No. 3A and 3B lying and being situated at village Undri Taluka Haveli, District Pune, which is within the limits of Pune Municipal Corporation, situated within the limits of the Sub Registrar Haveli, the registration District of Pune which was executed and registered on dated 30/07/2014 in the office of Sub- Registrar, Haveli No. 12 at Serial No. 5037/2014 .
AND WHERAS thereafter the said Pranjal Constructions Pvt. Ltd. confirmed the receipt of the entire consideration amount and handed over the vacant peaceful possession of the said flat in favor of the Johann Sanfrancisco and Susmita Sanfrancisco i.e. the Vendors herein as the owners thereof on dated 31/03/2015.
AND WHEREAS Pune Metropolitan Region Development Authority has issued Part Occupancy Certificate in respect of “C” Wing in the project known as “Eternal Exotica”, constructed on all that piece and parcel of the landed property bearing Survey No. 26, Hissa No. 3A and 3B lying and being situated at village Undri Taluka Haveli, District Pune by order No. PHA/UNDRI/S.N.26/3A & OTHER/ Serial No. 721 on dated 13/07/2015.
AND WHEREAS all the Flat holders formed a co-operative Housing Society under the name and Style “Eternal Exotica Co-Operative Housing  Society  Ltd”, which is registered with the registrar of Co-Operative Societies at Serial No. PNA/PNA (4)/HSG/ (TC)/17992/2017-2018 on dated 29/04/2017 (Hereinafter called the said Society).
AND WHEREAS as such the Vendors herein have become absolute, owner of the said property. The Vendors are absolutely seized and possessed of and otherwise well and sufficiently entitled to the said Flat and all the other rights and the benefits attached thereto and therefore is alone entitled to deal with and to dispose off the same as per their will and accord. 
AND WHEREAS the Vendors declares that the said flat is not the subject to any acquisition, requisition, mortgage, lien etc. and that there is no litigation filed or pending with respect to the said flat in any Court of Competent Jurisdiction.
AND WHEREAS the Vendors herein due to their personal difficulties and urgent financial need have decided to dispose of the said flat in favor of the prospective Purchasers who would pay the expected price to them. 
AND WHEREAS the Vendors are desirous of transferring and assigning all their rights, title and interest in the said Flat along with all the rights and benefits attached thereto for consideration.
AND WHEREAS upon the knowledge of the said desire of the Vendors herein, the Purchasers have approached to the Vendors with an offer to purchase the said flat for a reasonable consideration. 
AND WHEREAS the Party of the Other Part i.e. the Purchasers approached the Vendors and showed their willingness to purchase the said Flat together with all the rights and the benefits attached thereto. The Purchasers offered to pay an amount of Rs.46, 00,000/- (Rupees Forty Six Lakhs Only) towards the purchase and transfer of the said Flat and all the rights and the benefits attached thereto. 
AND WHEREAS the consideration offered by the Purchasers being reasonable and as per the market rate, the Vendors have agreed to sell, assign and transfer the said Flat along with all deposits, rights and benefits attached thereto in favor of the Purchasers or any other person suggested by Purchasers on the terms and conditions as mentioned in this Agreement for Sale. 
AND WHEREAS the parties herein find it expedient to reduce in writing the terms and conditions as agreed between them in the following manner. 
NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT FOR SALE WITNESSES AND IT IS HEREBY AGREED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES AS UNDER: 
1.  	VENDORS AGREES TO SELL/TRANSFER: 
The Vendors hereby agrees to sell, transfer and assign in favor of the Purchasers and the Purchasers hereby agree to purchase from the Vendors, all that consisting of residential Flat No. 603 on the Sixth Floor, of an area admeasuring about 71.04 Sq. Mtrs. carpet area and attached terrace admeasuring about 7.87 Sq. Mtrs.  in the Wing “C”, along with open car parking space No. 123 admeasuring about  10.216 Sq. Mtrs. in the project known as “Eternal Exotica”, in the Society known as “Eternal Exotica Co-Operative Housing  Society  Ltd”, along with all the rights and the benefits attached thereto, constructed on all that piece and parcel of the landed property bearing Survey No. 26, Hissa No. 3A and 3B lying and being situated at village Undri Taluka Haveli, District Pune, which is within the limits of Pune Municipal Corporation, situated within the limits of the Sub Registrar Haveli, the registration District of Pune (Hereinafter referred to as the "SAID FLAT"). The said Flat is more particularly described in the Schedule-II given hereunder. 
2. 	TOTAL CONSIDERATION: 
The Vendors agrees to sell and the Purchasers agrees to purchase from the Vendors the said Flat together with all the rights and the benefits attached thereto for the total lump sum consideration of Rs. 46,00,000/- (Rupees Forty Six Lakhs Only).
3. 	CONSIDERATION PAID:
The Purchasers have paid an amount of Rs. 9, 20,000/- (Rupees Nine  Lakh Twenty Thousand Only) to the Vendors as part consideration in the following manner: – 
An amount of Rs. 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh Only) by Online transfer bearing transaction ID No. MMT/IMPS/027417992907/Investment/ Johannsan/HDFC0000486 on dated 30/09/2020 from ICICI Bank, …………. Branch, District Pune- ……… as a Earnest Money is paid by the Purchasers to the Vendors.
An amount of Rs. 8,20,000/- (Rupees Eight Lakhs Twenty Thousand Only) by Cheque bearing No. 000001 on dated 05/11/2020 drawn on HDFC Bank, NIBM Road Vadgaonsheri Branch, District Pune- 411014 is paid by the Purchasers to the Vendors.
Thus, the Vendors do hereby admit and acknowledge the receipt of the said amount of Rs. 9, 20,000/- (Rupees Nine Lakh Twenty Thousand Only) and does hereby discharges the Purchasers from the same and every part thereof. 
4. 	PAYMENT OF BALANCE CONSIDERATION:
The Purchasers shall pay to the Vendors the balance consideration of Rs. 36,80,000/- (Rupees Thirty Six Lakhs Eighty Thousand Only) before execution of Sale Deed / Transfer Deed. 
However it is further agreed between the parties that the time limit for the payment of the balance consideration in respect of the said flat is 60 days from the date of this agreement for sale but shall extend proportionally to the time/period as shall be taken by the Vendors for providing any documents required by the Purchasers to obtain loan from the Bank or financial institution.
5. 	PURCHASERS TO OBTAIN LOAN:
It is understood by the Vendors that the Purchasers is to obtain loan from Bank or Financial institution for making the payment of part of the balance consideration. The Vendors shall give all necessary co-operations and supply all the necessary documents in their possession for obtaining the loan. The Vendors shall handover all the original documents at the time of the disbursement of loan amount from the Bank or Financial institution. However whenever the Bank or Financial institution request for verification of original documents in respect of the said Flat, the Vendors agree to provide available documents for the same.
6. 	VENDORS TO EXECUTE THE FINAL CONVEYANCE/TRANSFER:
On receipt of the balance consideration from the Purchasers, the Vendors will execute the Sale Deed / Transfer Deed or any other document/s as shall be called upon by the Purchasers to transfer the said Flat together with all the rights and the benefits attached thereto absolutely in favor of the Purchasers.
7. 	PERMISSIONS:
It is agreed by the Vendors that if any mandatory permission is required for transferring the said Flat in favor of the Purchasers, then in such case the Vendors will obtain the same, prior to the execution of the Sale Deed / Transfer Deed except for share certificate, transfer of electricity connection and property tax.. The Vendors further agrees that the Vendors shall at their own cost obtain No objection Certificate from the Society for mortgage of the said Flat in favor of the Bank or financial institution in the format of the Bank or Financial Institution from which the Purchasers desire to obtain loan. The Vendors will also obtain all the necessary documents from the Promoter which is required to be submitted to the Bank for obtaining loan by the Purchasers. The Vendors will not be entitled to receive the balance consideration amount till such No objection Certificate and documents required for obtaining loan from the bank or financial institution are provided by the Vendors to the Purchasers. It is further agreed between the parties that the time limit for the payment of the balance consideration shall extend proportionally till the No objection Certificate and such necessary documents of Promoter/Society as mentioned above are handed over to the Purchasers. 

8. 	POSSESSION OF THE SAID FLAT: 
Simultaneously on receipt of the entire consideration the Vendors will deliver the actual, vacant, and peaceful possession of the said Flat to the Purchasers. The Purchasers, upon receipt of the possession, shall be free to enjoy the use and occupation of the said Flat along with all the other rights and the benefits attached thereto. 
	If the Vendors fails or neglects to give possession of the said Flat to the Purchasers herein on account of reasons beyond his control, then the Vendors will be liable on  demand to refund to the Purchasers the amounts already received by them in  respect of the said Flat. 
 
9.  	TRANSFER: 
Upon receipt of the entire consideration, the Vendors at the request of the Purchasers shall sign all the application and writings to be filed and submitted by the Purchasers to the concerned authorities for conferring absolute and better title in the said Flat in favor of the Purchasers. 
10.  	TITLE OF THE SAID FLAT: 
The Vendors hereby declares that they alone have the rights, title and interest in the said Flat and they are authorized to transfer and sell the same to the Purchasers. The Vendor further declares and assures that they have not assigned, transferred, sold or encumbered their rights, title and interest in the said Flat or any part thereof to any other person and have not done anything as to endanger the marketability of the title of the said Flat. However, in case any claim is made by any person on the said Flat, the Vendors agrees to clear such claim and shall make the said Flat marketable at their own cost and further keep the Purchasers indemnified from all losses. 


11. 	PURCHASERS TO BEAR STAMP DUTY:
The Stamp duty, Registration charges and advocate fees, as required or may be required to complete the transaction and to execute the Agreement for Sale/conveyance/Assignment/Transfer deed is and shall be borne by the Purchasers. 
12.  	VENDOR TO CLEAR TAXES\CHARGES: 
All the outgoings such as Pune Municipal Corporation Taxes, assessments, cesses, Government taxes, MSECDL/MSEB charges, transfer charges, water charges and other such charges etc. till the date of the possession are to be borne and paid by the Vendors, and the Purchasers shall be liable to pay the same after they receive the possession of the said Flat. In case there are any dues pending in respect of the said Flat, the Vendors shall clear the same and shall keep the Purchasers indemnified from any such dues, claim or liability. 
13.  	VENDOR TO SIGN APPLICATIONS: 
On receipt of the total consideration the Vendors shall sign all applications and writings, as and when necessary, to property tax department, MSEDCL or any competent authority or any person and shall get the said Flat, or cause to get the said Flat, MSEDCL meter, property tax, etc. transferred in the names of the Purchasers. The Vendors shall do all such acts, deeds and things necessary for conferring absolute and better title in the said Flat unto the Purchasers. 
14. 	VENDOR TO DELIVER ALL DOCUMENTS: 
After receiving the total consideration amount in respect of the said Flat, the Vendors will deliver to the Purchasers all the original documents, deeds and writings which may be found in their custody or which they can obtain or demand. The Vendors agrees to indemnify the Purchasers on any loss caused to the Purchasers due to non availability of any of the original document/s in respect to the said Flat.
15.  	APPLICATION OF THE LAW: 
This agreement shall always be deemed to be have been executed subject to the with the provisions of Maharashtra Ownership Flats (Regulation of the Construction, Sale, Management and Transfer) Act, 1963 and Maharashtra Co-operative Societies Act 1960 or any other applicable act as the case may be.
16.    STAMP DUTY:
Location: Vibhag No. 49/648, Survey No. 26, Undri, Pune 
Government Rate per Sq. Mtrs: Rs. 49,210/- per sq. mtr. 
Area of Flat: 71.04 Sq. Mtrs. carpet area and terrace 7.87 Sq. Mtrs. and open car parking space No. 123 admeasuring about 10.216 Sq. Mtrs. Consideration: Rs.46,00,000/-
Stamp Duty: Rs. 1,38,000/- 
Registration Fee: 30,000/-
The consideration being higher than market value, the stamp duty of Rs. 1,38,000/- is paid on the consideration under the provisions of The Bombay Stamp Act 1958.
SCHEDULE-I
DESCRIPTION OF THE LANDED PROPERTY
ALL THAT PIECE AND PARCEL of land bearing Survey No. 26 Hissa No. 3A totally admeasuring about 00 H 54 R i.e. 5400 Sq. Mtrs. lying and being situated at village Undri Taluka Haveli, District Pune, which is previously within the limits of Grampanchayat Undri, Taluka Panchayat Samiti Haveli, Jilha Parishad Pune and presently within the limits of Pune Municipal Corporation, situated within the limits of the Sub Registrar Haveli, the registration Districts of Pune, and and same is together bounded as follows:
On or towards East	: 	By S. No. 26/3B,
On or towards South	:	By S. No. 26/2,
On or towards West	: 	By S. No. 26/2
On or towards North	: 	By S. No. 23/3(Part).
ALL THAT PIECE AND PARCEL of land bearing Survey No. 26 Hissa No. 3B admeasuring about 00 H 26.5 R i.e. 2650 Sq. Mtrs. lying and being situated at village Undri Taluka Haveli, District Pune, which is previously within the limits of Grampanchayat Undri, Taluka Panchayat Samiti Haveli, Jilha Parishad Pune and presently within the limits of Pune Municipal Corporation, situated within the limits of the Sub Registrar Haveli, the registration Districts of Pune, and and same is together bounded as follows:
On or towards East	: 	By Undri Handewadi Shiv Road,
On or towards South	:	By S. No. 26/2,
On or towards West	: 	By S. No. 26/3A
On or towards North	: 	By S. No. 26/3B
Together with all proportionate rights in common facilities, spaces/land & amenities and along with the hereditaments, appurtenances and easementary rights and right to use paths, ways subways, water channels, drainage, etc. attached thereto. 
SCHEDULE – II
DESCRIPTION OF THE SAID FLAT
All that piece and parcel consisting of residential Flat No. 603 on the Sixth Floor, of an area admeasuring about 71.04 Sq. Mtrs. carpet area and attached terrace admeasuring about 7.87 Sq. Mtrs.  in the Wing “C”, along with open car parking space No. 123 admeasuring about 10.216 Sq. Mtrs. in the project known as “Eternal Exotica”, in the Society known as “Eternal Exotica Co-Operative Housing  Society  Ltd”, along with all the rights and the benefits attached thereto, constructed on all that piece and parcel of the landed property bearing Survey No. 26, Hissa No. 3A and 3B lying and being situated at village Undri Taluka Haveli, District Pune, which is within the limits of Pune Municipal Corporation, situated within the limits of the Sub Registrar Haveli, the registration District of Pune.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF THIS AGREEMENT FOR SALE HAS BEEN EXECUTED AND SIGNED HEREUNDER BY THE PARTIES ON THE AFORESAID DATE AT PUNE  
Name Of The Executants	photograph	left hand thumb
impression /signature
I. Signed, Sealed and Delivered,
By within named Vendors
1.JOHANN SANFRANCISCO		

_____________


2. SUSMITA SANFRANCISCO		

_____________


Party of the One Part
II .Signed, Sealed and Delivered,
By within named Purchasers
1. CHAITANYA RAJENDRA KHIRE		

_____________





2. PRAJAKTA VILAS CHAURAGADE
(W/O CHAITANYA RAJENDRA KHIRE)		

_____________


Party of the Other Part
WITNESSES: 

1. Sign. : _________________                              2. Sign. : _________________
Name:                                                               Name: 
Address:                                                          Address: 

